README.md, before:

# Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care - A Milestone Project

Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care website is a site for pet lovers and owners looking for a professional pet carer and dog walker to look after their pets for a fee. This site offers pet sitting and pet care services, with information on pricing and about the business owner.

Users of the site will be able to find information about Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care: About the business owner, the prices of the services, a contact page and a home page giving a brief description about the business.

This site is targeted towards Dog & Cat owners who may be looking to book time away and want a professional pet carer to look after their pets during this time.

![Responsive view of Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care on all devices](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LunieLu/PawsPerfect/main/docs/Responsive.PNG "Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care")

## Features
- Navigation
    - Featured at the top of the site, the navigation bar shows the logo for the business in the left corner: Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care; which is a link to return to the index.html page
    - The other navigation links to the far right of the nav bar: Home, About, Prices & Contact; these all divert a user to different pages within the site.
    - The navigation also includes a paw print icon in relation to the fact the business is animal based.
    - The fonts used in the Navigation bar are Poppins (For Headings) & Open Sans (For Body)
    - The colours used are taken from the business card, and are the following hex codes:
        - #C39A6B
        - #CFAE89
        - #79492F
        - #fff
        - #F8F1ED

![The Navigation Bar for Pawsitive Perfect Pet Care]()

- The Hero Image



- The Intro Section

- The Gallery Section

- The Footer

---

## Testing



## Deployment
    


## Credits
 
 **Content**
- Text content provided by Anna-Marie Eaton (Student's Family member)
- Icons provided by Font Awesome <a href=""></a>

 **Media**
- Images used on site are all original content

Commit message:

add text content to hero image and intro sections on readme, add image for intro section on readme

README.md, after:

# Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care - A Milestone Project

Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care website is a site for pet lovers and owners looking for a professional pet carer and dog walker to look after their pets for a fee. This site offers pet sitting and pet care services, with information on pricing and about the business owner.

Users of the site will be able to find information about Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care: About the business owner, the prices of the services, a contact page and a home page giving a brief description about the business.

This site is targeted towards Dog & Cat owners who may be looking to book time away and want a professional pet carer to look after their pets during this time.

![Responsive view of Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care on all devices](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LunieLu/PawsPerfect/main/docs/Responsive.PNG "Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care")

## Features ##

- Navigation
    - Featured at the top of the site, the navigation bar shows the logo for the business in the left corner: Pawsitively Perfect Pet Care; which is a link to return to the index.html page
    - The other navigation links to the far right of the nav bar: Home, About, Prices & Contact; these all divert a user to different pages within the site.
    - The navigation also includes a paw print icon in relation to the fact the business is animal based.
    - The fonts used in the Navigation bar are Poppins (For Headings) & Open Sans (For Body)
    - The colours used are taken from the business card, and are the following hex codes:
        - #C39A6B
        - #CFAE89
        - #79492F
        - #fff
        - #F8F1ED

![The Navigation Bar for Pawsitive Perfect Pet Care](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LunieLu/PawsPerfect/main/docs/navigation.PNG "Navigation")

- The Hero Image
    - The Hero Image used is a photo of Norwood Lakes, an original photo taken by a family member and local to the area that the business is based in.

- The Intro Section
    - The Intro section gives a basic introduction to the business and the services it offers.
    - It explains the locations the business offers its services in, which are: Croydon, Bromley, Lewisham & Clapham.
    - It briefly explains the qualifications of the professional dog walker.
    - It includes logos of qualifications the professional has completed.

![]

- The Gallery Section

- The Footer

---

## Testing



## Deployment
    


## Credits
 
 **Content**
- Text content provided by Anna-Marie Eaton (Student's Family member)
- Icons provided by Font Awesome <a href=""></a>

 **Media**
- Images used on site are all original content
